Mihir Kachroo (mkachroo): Mihir was responsible for creating the template queries and contributed to the schema design. He also worked on the query implementations, mainly testing using the sample data. Contributed to the creation of template queries for new functionalities. Contributed to design and implementation of fancy features, and their associated queries; created scripts for final demo.

Mike Kwak (m7kwak): Mike created the functional user interface through front-end and back-end implementations as well as the initial deployment phase. Continued to contribute to the front-end and back-end implementations of the application. Thoroughly tested the fully-functional application, 

Parsh Parikh (p22parik): Parsh created the Entity Relation Diagram for the database and contributed to the schema design and assumptions. He also contributed to writing the template queries/feature logic. Contributed to written components of the report, new feature logic and interface design/planning. Helped write up final submission of the report, gathered image placeholder attributes for production dataset and created script/demo outline.

Rawsab Said (rsaid): Rawsab was responsible for the written components of the report. He also created the relational data model, contributed to the schema design, and worked on the documentation. Contributed to the front end design of the application, interface planning for new features, and written components of the report. Wrote the final submission of the report; edited, scripted, and put together the full recording of the final demo video.

Siddharth Viswanath (snviswan): Siddharth worked on the generation, preprocessing, modification and organization of the sample & production data. He also contributed to designing the schema. Contributed to the creation of template queries for new functionalities and the documentation. Also contributed to design and implementation of fancy features, and their associated queries; created slides/scripts for final demo.
